Optimize design principles post (#4975)
sourcegraph/about: blogposts/2021/creating-sourcegraph-product-design-principles.md

---
title: 'How we created Sourcegraph’s product design principles'
externalTitle: 'Product design principles at Sourcegraph'
author: Quinn Keast
authorUrl: https://quinnkeast.com

> description: 'Here’s how our rapidly growing all-remote product and design teams collaborated asynchronously to define Sourcegraph’s inclusive product design principles to help us scale consistently.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Gut instinct doesn’t scale. Here’s how our rapidly growing all-remote product and design teams collaborated asynchronously to define Sourcegraph’s inclusive product design principles to help us scale consistently.'
```
Added this back into the description since you removed it from the title – this was before your time but people really liked that phrase so want to include it somewhere 😃
